hello everyone it is the second date of
group stage my coverage of course is
presented by mobile lytx I'm joined
right now by a faker himself as well as
David who's gonna help translate faker I
have interviewed you so many times every
year you have to do these interviews
with me have you ever thought about just
not succeeding just so you can avoid my
interviews they say kripp Stacy Tilton
they are serene and be upon words it's
empanada interviewer Coq Grande
integrator pure wishbone and single
animal next P I wish OPR give you saw
some going I wish tantrum now but unless
you see when he is in a cage from day
some get them in a book wriggle okay
what a pitch on inheriting what a feat
prominent overhead and nothing alright
Emily very he doesn't well I would like
to avoid it if possible but you know it
is a job as a protein to be interviewed
and because I would love to succeed and
I love to do well and in a game so I
believe that the interview is
unavoidable I guess it's true much like
so many things at Worlds the interview
is unavoidable much like SKT success at
Worlds talk to me about that game
obviously I'm sure you've answered a lot
of questions about it already
but how is it that you guys were able to
come back in and did you always feel
like you could come back in are you
still confident that you can win even
when you are that far behind
oh when I talk about man could he get to
touch my suit on I can take it
smoky Super Sunday criminal under the
optronic unit I was in a garage
I mean and toka me say I you stopped I
was annoyed and we know ghetto trash in
ik equal to hunt I saw chachani Yamuna
come on you know Chi we so to cope
Ambani dog was single how came up with
well he wanted will she knocked on your
hand and they Oxley to him dengue
McGinnis to Cassandra
well I believe that we have a strong
strengthened team
and how to use the map so I believe even
though we are falling behind a bit or
even a lot I believe that we can always
still make a comeback now every year I
can ask SKT this question but I will ask
again you know is this again just gonna
be an easy year for SKT or do you think
that you might not win or do you think
that it will be harder than last year
what are your thoughts when they bombed
open many Umbro bones I mean you can do
a bunion do as kitty Anton and Hindi I
was in agony until I was in a canyon is
it to come to show that that wasn't the
championship a Romans or the King Conan
Oh Ben Amato Tim delete are you not even
2000 check out some Holly huh give young
CEO
is it a Google into mr. Cody no Chris or
monitor anya pterosaur was in Hungary
would you go cook Academy to young Oh
Chris Oh hmm he won the cop I'll give
you something to look at about that was
no coincidence
Patong you do not appear on performance
okay I believe every year the
performance required for us to actually
win the World Championship is about
similar but I think for now our
performance is a bit lower than the
standard that I believe it is required
for winning the World Championship so I
believe that I need to work harder and I
to play better in order to win the
championship this year it feels like the
meta is very botlane centric especially
with ardent sensor and that it allows
bot lanes to really shine is that
frustrating to you do you wish that mid
lane was more impactful in the game hey
I'm not gonna put laying up thinkin
Putin tomorrow okay my prologue it is an
island a cougar desert kissing a casino
took on the be do we just mental canal
our chicken put into memory lane you
don't came handsome dog contempt I was
in a canal boat on potatoes sangani
opticool to even a bottom line in true
bunny a hard question and cruel you got
room donut Timoney beaten and shooting
money what a college degree so much even
along such a channel in cookie or batata
Chanin part of a pending cocoa which do
not seem no well I think the matter
doesn't really impact my performance
really even though it is about eccentric
Mara at the moment due to that it is
true that the meat during mid and late
game the extent to which but can impact
the game has increased of course but I
still think that meat actually has more
importance in the early and early meat
lane office so I believe that I can
still cook at some point Sarah Bush and
she's not wash in there so I don't think
it is too bought centric matter at the
moment you know final question I have
realized I've interviewed you so many
times but I've never asked you do you
have just one piece of advice that you
would give to any fan out there who
wants to get better at League of Legends
boys a hockey then they are criminally
interfere between and man independent a
ruler's Holloman you go on a man here
okay everybody needs this Inga box upon
kami go to country on the noggin they
cook it in a single divan Yahoo compound
on a para Gary made a dosing or cargo
equal don't think I'm gonna move single
kengo-san wasn't so to get to the point
the most important thing is thinking
about the game as the league is a very
complex game there are a lot of thinking
process require
and fast decision-making required in
order to lead the game into winning went
to the to win so I believe that the fast
thinking and fast decision-making is
what is required for and that is my tip
for all these league players anything to
save the fans thank you very good thank
you so much faker thank you David for
translating for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel hey if you want to get
as good as the pro that I just
interviewed please please check out
mobile exceeding slash Travis they are
all about helping you identify your
personal strengths and weaknesses so
that you can level up your game and be
sure to check out their giveaway by the
way they're running up throughout Worlds
you can win some cool stuff all that in
the youtube description below